There's nothing
I can do for you but watch.
And that's driving me crazy.
Comrade Kang Cheong-ya.
It's this way.
Hey, student.
Tell the hall director
to bring me some water.
Tell her.
Now.
Gosh.
I'm parched.
Give me some water.
Hey!
Hey.
Shut your trap, will you?
I'm thirsty.
I'm so thirsty.
Please.
I'm so thirsty. Come on.
Give me some water.
Hey.
Just a cup of water.
But you had some not long ago!
I didn't get any.
And I'm all tied up.
I feel so stifled.
Come on. Just give me some water.
Anyone wants to bring him water?
What did you want to tell me?
We have no time,
so I'll ask you straightforward.
Did you really not know
Lim Soo-ho was hiding in the dorm?
When you even bugged the dorm?
Did you help him hide
since you're on the same side?
On the same side?
Shut it before I rip you to shreds.
I'm sick and tired
of you people.
I warned you not to do anything stupid
and that I'd not let it slide again.
What did I do?
How else did Eun Yeong-ro
find out about the detonator I had?
I just tried to stop her
from trying to escape.
I told her about the detonator in your
pocket to stop her from acting rashly!
Shouldn't you ask me why
before hitting me?
Sit.
You say they'll kill everyone here
including you and me in nine days?
If you're trying to make me surrender,
you should stop here.
Surrender?